---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open Source

Although I know this is not necessarily right, one of the first things my mind jumps to upon hearing "open source" is GitHub. I relate the term "open source" to projects where the source code is freely available to view and edit. By having code be readily available to view, the code can be reviewed by a wider audience. This may reduce the number of bugs in the code. However, monetization can be an issue for open source projects. Since the code can be easily accessed, then it cannot be the product being sold to the public. If this issue is unresolved, then developers may not be able to work full time on the open source project. Everyone has bills to pay, so they might have to reduce their hours to whenever they are free outside of work. As a result, updates on these projects may be much slower. 

## Projects

### Scratch

Scratch was one of the first ways I was exposed to programming. It is an app that allows you to create 2D animations or games. Another possible alternative for this could be Unity. In comparison however, Scratch is much more intuitive for the majority of people. Even young kids would be able to create their own little programs using Scratch. 

### Musescore

I stumbled upon Musescore when looking for sheet music last semester. I was taking a music class and needed to choose a piece to play. However, being an absolute beginner, I could not tell what the sheet music would sound like. A feature I found really cool was the option to hear the sheet music played, note for note on the website. Musescore can also be used to write sheet music on the computer. Synthesia is another program that people may think of. However, it is not known for sheet music but rather often used as a game with keyboards. On the other hand, Musescore is not limited in instruments. 

### Git

Git is a version control system. After being taught how to use it, I have been using it as a giant undo function. It is also very useful when collaborating with other people. Other version control systems do exist. However, Git is currently the most popular.

### MongoDB

MongoDB is an open source database program. It was the first database I was exposed to. I was first introduced to it in AIT, and have since used it in other webapps. There are a lot of different alternatives out there right now, including SQL. 

## Questions for Tom

* Does RedHat being open source affect how you work?
* Do you work on any other open source projects outside of RedHat?
