---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## The Cathedral and the Bazaar

### Software Development

Eric Steven Raymond uses the catherdral and the bazaar as metaphors for two different approaches to software development. The cathedral approach is a metaphor for software development in a big corporation, with a rigid, organized structure. On the other hand, the bazaar is used to represent the open source community. People come together to work on a project not only have the skills to do so, but also because they are personally interested in the project. As a result, there is a rapid exchange of ideas. The work progresses more quickly since the audience using the product may also help debug. When developers lose interest in this case though, there is nothing stopping them from walking away, unlike the cathedral model where there is a higher-up to report to.     

After reading The Cathedral and the Bazaar, I would consider the bazaar the dream environment, and the cathedral reality. Personally, I would love to work on projects soley out of personal interest. However, the standard approach to software development seems to be the cathedral one. Although profitable organizations based on open source exist, they are not yet mainstream. Monetization is not a topic really touched upon in _The Cathedral and the Bazaar_. The ideal situation would be a job where you are not only interested in the work but are also making enough to live comfortably.         

### Lessons

_#2 Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)._

I really like this rule as the statement __"An important trait of the great ones is constructive laziness"__ really stuck out to me. What he means by this rule is that there is no need to code everything from scratch. Software development does not have to be a lone endeavor. A good programmer not only knows when to scrap code that doesn't work but also when to build upon something that already exists to create something greater.     

_#10 If you treat your beta-testers as if they're your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource._

This is another spin on the saying, "treat others how you want to be treated". What Raymond noticed is that how someone responds is based upon how they are approached. He actually listened to what other people were saying and asked for their involvement. By making people feel like they were an essential part of the team, he managed to grow the number of people chipping in to help with fetchmail.  
