---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### Fixing the Course Website

I was working on issue number 6, fixing a broken link to the version control slides. To solve this issue, I first forked the repository (by clicking on the fork button on the website). 
After forking the repository, I then cloned it to my computer using the following command: 


`git clone git@github.com:dazigemm/cs480_s18.git`

When the repository was successfully cloned, I switched into that directory and created a new branch called fix-vc-slides-link to work in through the following commands:


`git branch fix-vc-slides-link`

`git checkout fix-vc-slides-link`

The broken link to the version control slides was found in the markdown page for class 5, which can be found here [here](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/blob/gh-pages/_includes/daily/05.markdown).
After fixing the link, I used the commands below to commit my changes and push them.


`git add 05.markdown`

`git commit -m "removed md extension on vc slides' link"`

`git push --set-upstream origin fix-vc-slides-link`

After my changes were pushed, I went to GitHub and clicked the "New pull request" button next to my branch. 

The pull request I submitted can be viewed [here](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/67).

### Code Triage

I didn't spend as thorough of a time looking through the projects on Code Triage as I should have. Instead, I just clicked the first one I recognized, which was React.

#### Issues Received

* [Issue #11918](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/11918)
* [Issue #12208](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/12208)
* [Issue #5272](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/5272)
* [Issue #12039](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/12039)
* [Issue #11658](https://github.com/facebook/react/pull/11658)

Something I found interesting was that two of the issues started with the exact same questionaire. One of the questions was asked about the browser or operating system used affected by the bug! Something else that I found was interesting was that people could not only point out bugs, but also submit feature requests like in Issue #12039 and #5272.

On average, contributors seem to respond within 24 hours (#12208 is an exception as it has not received a response in a week). However, the issues do not get resolved as quickly. Issues range from as early as 2015 to this week. 
In the case of #11918, a fix was created, pull request sent, and code was reviewed. However, a merge conflict was detected and no activity has been made since January 5th. Something similar happened as well to pull request #11658.

Reading the issues was an interesting experience. I did not feel comfortable taking action on anything as I felt like I did not have a good enough grasp of the code base or the bug. I also noticed that it was usually the same 2 or 3 people responding to issues. 
